So in case you missed it, Amazon released an update for the 7th Generation _Fire_ tablets, enabling them to use Alexa functionality and also enter a _show mode_ which passively displays the weather and time. As a _Fire 7_ owner this was great news for me.

I picked up my tablet just over a year ago with a fair few good intentions, I was going to embrace technology, using the _Fire_ to control the music in my living room and to read the news each morning before work. I downloaded crossword apps, Duolingo and a host of e-reader apps. Nine months later and the most use I'd had out of the tablet was watching _Catch Me If You Can_ (you know, the one starring Leo and Tom Hanks) on an overnight train in India.

Now though, we enter a new realm of possibility and all it took was a £30 wireless speaker, a dodgy aux cord and a free phone stand that came with my keyboard! Propping the phone stand atop the speaker and resting the tablet length-ways I have my own docking station and Amazon Echo impostor! Cue the morning routine now: 'Alexa, lay it down for me' and bam we've got my main man and fellow Sheffield alum Dan Walker rattling off the worlds troubles. Enter the evening as I sling my laptop bag on the floor and jump into bed, 'Alexa, play me some dark indie', scenes as Romy Croft's velvet voice cries Angels into my ears. I'll tell you now I was the first person to criticise voice-technology but now I'm in love with it. I'm dreaming of the day I can look my device in the lens and instead of shouting 'Alexa, shut up!' i'll say, 'Dear, can you keep the noise down', I'll blow a kiss and maybe she'll whisper some sweet nothings into my ear as I lay my head on the pillow. This has all made me relish the advances that will come in voice-technology and IoT and having our electronic friends wiring its tendrils into our daily lives. I'm all for it, I just hope my girlfriend doesn't mind!
